fix(netlify): add `static` to export map (#80)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/dry-news-laugh.md

---
'@astrojs/netlify': patch
---

> Fix issue where the `@astrojs/netlify/static` module wasn't available via `package.json#export` map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where the `@astrojs/netlify/static` module wasn't available via `package.json#export` map
```
